# Classification-case-study
There is a company called Subsidy Inc. which delivers subsidies to individuals based on their income. So, if your income levels are different, you get different subsidies and so on. However and whenever someone new comes in, it is very difficult to get information about personal income. So, that is one of the most difficult pieces of data to get. So, here is an idea in terms of using an already  existing database, where we have various attributes of these people and wherever personal income has been disclosed we also have that as a data. So, what we are trying to do here is, we are trying to see, if we can somehow classify an income level based on the attributes that we have for individuals. So, basically this becomes then a classification problem, where we are going to say the individual has an income level beyond a certain value or below a certain value. In this case we have this income level as 50000; and what we want to do is we want to classify individuals with less than 50000 personal income and greater than 50000 personal incomes. So, this is basically a simple classification technique. And you one might ask, if you were able to do this how can you use it; if you have multiple customers that come in, then we can kind of identify the proportion of customers who are likely to be having an income less than 50000 and the percentage of people more than 50000; and that could allow us to be able to plan an outlay of resources and so on. So, that is one use case that you can think of. An other use case is really, if someone actually discloses an income and if it is an outlier in terms of, let us say someone says they are earning less than 50000; but our classifier says with all these attributes it is very very likely the income is greater than 50000, then it might allow us to look at those particular cases in more detail, so that there is no misuse of these schemes.
